[Applause]
how are you thanks you really look great
you look I like that that's very sparkly
and really you could wear that to the
Oscars or is it not fancy enough for the
Oscars well you know what I hadn't
thought about it but um it might be too
late now might be too late are you
already thinking about what year do you
know what you're gonna wear to the
Oscars don't actually you don't somebody
else will figure that out though yeah
you know I'd like to be part of the cops
you'd like to be a part of it yeah yeah
so you won the SAG Award you on the
Golden Globe you I know you're going to
the BAFTAs right in London is it true
you're driving yourself to the airport
and then how will the work you'll park
yourself and then go in and LAX that's
like I know to most people in normal
places that sounds like okay that's no
big deal but to go that's a real
commitment yeah no it really is it's a
sojourn yeah you may never come back
okay you're asking like a million people
to go into one circle and be polite to
each other all at the same time and
they've closed off almost all the
parking at LAX so there's you just go
around in a circle and you curse and you
drive away you're right you know what
it's nice to see you I gotta go you won
Best Supporting Actress Oscar in what
year was that 2004 I can't remem 2004 I
believe before Cold Mountain the movie
called
you have like a something that stands
out in your memory above all others
besides winning the Oscar itself it's
just a weird moment you know that you
just remember that your plan to not do
that spiral that you see people do on TV
when you roll your eyes it just goes out
the window you're not gonna be the geek
person who freezes up and can't hear
anything it gets emotional and then you
know somebody says your name and you
hear this like and then you know and
then you do the geek spiral you do you
do the geek spiral and you hope that you
don't stumble on the way up and I
couldn't hear anything and I didn't
remember anything and I remember
somebody was talking and I guess it was
me I was looking out at I took at the
audience of you know my co-workers for
so many years and friends and you know
people I've admired for ever and ever
fan yes geek fan in that room big time
and I remember thinking my gosh it's
like the sergeant Pepper's album cover
I remember Sean Penn was at 12 o'clock
and he was just smiling I remember I was
talking going that's Sean Penn I
remember what I said but I do remember
thinking you got Spicoli it in the
middle of your speech no not at all it's
a pretty good thing you're on I don't
know I assume you've seen this but you
are a cover of Vanity Fair
as part of the world's least scary biker
gang were you really on eddies backers
just like pieced together with Photoshop
that I'm telling you that's the way to
meet somebody
so how long did it take to do this not
too long I was long from my left thigh
because I was balancing on my tippy toe
trying to be did you say at any point
like hey I'd like to be one of the
people driving the motorcycle I don't
really care cuz any Murphy was gonna be
there okay did you have fun was he was
now he's so nice
was he amusing you there yeah playing
some music and saying he's got a lovely
voice it's fun and I was just trying to
you know not put all my weight on him
cuz this you know ladies you know I'm
talking about I'm trying to be like you
know he's a sturdy man I'm sure he could
have handled the task yeah was it gonna
you know we just met I want to ask you
something yeah do you recognize this oh
that is currently for sale this is yeah
this home owned last once home to famed
actress Renee Zellweger this was your
childhood home it was one of them yeah
that was my dad's dream my dad is it
Swiss engineer and so he was always
building things with his soldering iron
on the dining room table and he built a
house plant on that through the plans on
the dining room table and in one day one
day one day and he bought that land from
one of his co-workers and we planted
some little baby pine trees you know
that have grown that are big now yeah I
don't think I made the cut in the photo
but anyhow yeah we built that house we
put the septic system in we're out there
in the yard with the ditch which and is
that right yeah dad wants to do it right
now where do I do it right if you want
it done right you do it yourself is that
that's how it is yeah so we did it we
were built a septic system together Hey
oh the things you can do is do do they
does your dad like to use your family
have a little party and watch the like
the Oscars when in these shows when
you're nominated for them um yeah they
do
did you call them right afterwards but
in 2000 well what I mean like you won
the SAG Award you won the Golden Globe
do you call them up um well yeah I don't
bring my phone in with me but after is
every you have to check in with them and
then everybody screams and all that
stuff yeah that kind of thing you know
maybe one of them could drop you off at
the airport we're gonna take a break the
movie is called Judy Renee Zellweger is
here we'll be right back the rainbow
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
which you've won many awards and are
nominated for an Academy Award as well
this what a sad what a sad life she had
it talked about a little bit about this
period of of Judy Garland's life because
I didn't really know much about her
before I suppose right of course I know
she was in Wizard of Oz and then and
then it just it's really a tough go
she had it seems I didn't know much
about this chapter of her life either
you know it's just towards the end of
her life she did a series of concerts
over in London at the talk of the town
nightclub and yeah she was facing some
financial hardships she didn't really
have a place to live and she was not
getting work because she was considered
unemployable um and so she went over get
these these concerts and and the movie
touches on that period in her life where
she was kind of trying to get her her
next new chapter going you know
separated from her children which was
very tough yeah yeah and the I'd have to
compliment you on the you're singing in
the movie not just because it's very
good but on top of it you really a lot
of times in these movies they'll record
the the vocal track in a studio and then
you go lipstick you pretend to be
singing but you really did the singing
there in front of everyone each time on
camera that's that's so much better I
think it's that's the way to go did you
want to do it like that yeah director he
thought that that would be better too
but I didn't think he was serious I
thought it would be able to talk him out
of it on the day you did yeah yeah and
he you were unable to talk about yeah I
couldn't talk and did that frightening
you saying live in front of the crew and
I yeah to an extreme extent yeah but you
know that's why it's height schedule is
good for because you don't have a chance
you know there's no time to sit around
and you know try to you know I don't
know think about it around it yeah yeah
and that's lucky you know everybody in
the audience all actor isn't so but you
know the time we're doing these
performances we all been talking and
telling stories and things like that so
suddenly it was you know friends just
friends
yeah it was like karaoke except you were
the only one doing it you um you also
recorded the soundtrack at at Abbey Road
which is a are your big Beatles fan I
presume very much so yes even more so
now that my my kids are young because
they love beat bugs on Netflix have you
seen this
it's a bug seeing the Beatles songs and
now the Beatles have yeah it's it's
pretty good actually I recommend it I
don't know how I got off on that yeah
this is a there's you cross in the
famous pose eat it couldn't round up
three friends what time was it when you
did this our people consider it cuz like
everybody's taking pictures there all
day right yeah yeah well actually yeah
people take turns it's really sweet but
there wasn't anybody lined up waiting at
that hour so who took the picture fruit
for you David Livingstone producer oh he
did did you turn around and take a
picture of him crossing he's English oh
he's English sighs it's like going up to
the Hollywood sign right we don't do it
here yeah yeah well very good well I
know you'll have to go to London will
you be watching the Superbowl or are you
is there too much are you have too many
awards you know watch it in London or
you will come back right away
you will find a way hey guys see Taylor
do her thing is that what you're are you
a are you rooting for either of the
teams ready for JLo well she's gonna win
either way
well it's very good to see you
congratulations on all the accolades the
movie is called Judi it seems as though
Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make those two children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do